well howdy they don't have people lives
bow again so today is the beginning of
one of my favorite weeks one of my
favorite weeks it's a week where we
celebrate Of Mice and Men Catcher in the
Rye Huck Finn to kill a mockingbird the
color purple and perks of being a
wallflower no it's not great literature
week it's banned books week the American
Library Association puts out a list of
the most commonly banned or challenged
books in libraries and schools it's
really cool it is really cool I
definitely think it's something that
people should do pick up one of the
books on their list one reason is that
fiction gets to truth sometimes a whole
lot faster than fact does the second is
that it tells you about the norms of the
time when the book was written tells you
what people got offended by what they
flipped out about and that can tell you
a lot about society in general at the
time they expose you to controversial
ideas in a non debate setting and I
think that's important because truth is
not truth isn't told it's realized on
your own and when you're reading one of
these books it's just you in the book
there's no outside influence there's no
defense mechanism you you have to enact
to show that your side is right it's
just you in the book so an idea you
might reject if you came across it on
the internet you might accept it might
take root because your guards down
now this ties into a little bit of
channel news to a lot of you or the last
couple of months have asked for a book
club I looked into it and we can't do it
not really the easiest way to do it is
like a box subscription service and by
the time it's all said and done y'all
are paying twenty four dollars for an
eight dollar book it also becomes a
full-time job for me and I don't I don't
have that kind of time
so I came up with an alternative
I set up an Amazon influencer store and
basically the way that works I should
tell you that if you buy anything
through it I do get money but you don't
have to buy through it you can go there
the lists are available for anyone to
see you can look at the books and pick
it up at your Public Library find it on
LibriVox whatever and this way nobody
gets priced out of being able to do it
but if you go there now it's uh it's
amazon.com slash shop / bow of the Fifth
Column if you go there now you'll find
three lists the first is let's talk
about books to read which is based on
the video that I did and it's a list of
books that fit into the little
categories I talked about the second is
banned or challenged books and then the
third is stuff emergency preparedness
gear because people had asked a lot
about that and the same thing applies
it's just by the time you put it
together it's it's too expensive and I
just I don't have the time to pack boxes
like that
so those are the three that are already
there I want to add a fourth one which
is your book recommendation so put them
in the comments and this way I get
something to read out of it but it is
banned books week and I definitely think
it's something that you should
so go find go find a book that somebody
doesn't want you to read see what's in
it anyway it's just a thought y'all have
a good day